Addition of Value type supported (#8903)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-timelanguagesettings.md

<!--/Description-->
<!--SupportedValues-->
Value type is String. Supported values:

> - Name of Standard Time Zone - e.g. Pacific Standard Time, Mountain Standard Time 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name of Standard Time Zone - for example, Pacific Standard Time, Mountain Standard Time. 
```
